README.md, before:

# shyriiwook
__
LINKS

github: https://github.com/inordeck/shyriiwook
heroku: https://protected-anchorage-30906.herokuapp.com/
__
API'S

star wars:
documentation: https://swapi.co/documentation

https://swapi.co/api
	/people
	/films
	/starships
	/vehicles
	/species
	/planets

add: "?format=wookiee" to end for shyriiwook

test shyriiwook:
acaoaoakc cohraakah oaoo raakah akanrawhwoaoc.
Lhuorwo Sorroohraanorworc.
Drarcaoac Vrawaworc.
Lwoahra Orcrrrawhra.
Orhah-Wrawh Kwowhoorhah.
Awhraorahwh Sorroohraanorworc.
Cacwoohrhraoaoara.
Hrawh Sooanoo.
Grcwowowaoo.
Yoowara.
Boorhra Fwoaoao.


responsive voice:
https://responsivevoice.org/api/

__
WIREFRAMES
shyriiwook > public > images > wireframes

![wireframe 1](http://i.imgur.com/9QLXXhD.jpg)

![wireframe 2](http://i.imgur.com/wzbIZzz.jpg)


/////
__
JOURNAL
__
7/28/17
- 

__
7/27/17
- research api's
- testing on api data and read documentation
- set up local dev environment
- install dependencies 
- set up heroku project
- write out concept ideas and sketch wireframe thumbnails
- refine wireframes

Commit message:

delete old repo on github and create new repo

README.md, after:

# shyriiwook
__
LINKS

github: https://github.com/inordeck/shyriiwook
github pages: http://inordeck.github.io/shryiiwook
heroku: https://protected-anchorage-30906.herokuapp.com/
__
API'S

star wars:
documentation: https://swapi.co/documentation

https://swapi.co/api
	/people
	/films
	/starships
	/vehicles
	/species
	/planets

add: "?format=wookiee" to end for shyriiwook

test shyriiwook:
acaoaoakc cohraakah oaoo raakah akanrawhwoaoc.
Lhuorwo Sorroohraanorworc.
Drarcaoac Vrawaworc.
Lwoahra Orcrrrawhra.
Orhah-Wrawh Kwowhoorhah.
Awhraorahwh Sorroohraanorworc.
Cacwoohrhraoaoara.
Hrawh Sooanoo.
Grcwowowaoo.
Yoowara.
Boorhra Fwoaoao.


responsive voice:
https://responsivevoice.org/api/

__
WIREFRAMES
shyriiwook > public > images > wireframes

![wireframe 1](http://i.imgur.com/9QLXXhD.jpg)

![wireframe 2](http://i.imgur.com/wzbIZzz.jpg)


/////
__
JOURNAL
__
7/29/17
- working on bootstrap prototype, error pushing to git
__
7/28/17
- work on bootstrap prototype

__
7/27/17
- research api's
- testing on api data and read documentation
- set up local dev environment
- install dependencies 
- set up heroku project
- write out concept ideas and sketch wireframe thumbnails
- refine wireframes
